feat: separate fee discount components (#2293)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0083-RFPR-on_chain_referral_program.md

- `benefit_tiers`: a list of dictionaries (with the below fields) defining the reward and discount factors from referrals
  - `minimum_running_notional_taker_volume`: the required [`referral_set_running_notional_taker_volume`](#referral-set-volumes) in quantum units for parties to access this tier
  - `minimum_epochs`: the required number of epochs a referee must have been in a referral set to access this tier
  - `referral_reward_factors`: the proportions of the referee's taker fees to be rewarded to the referrer

>     - `maker_volume_reward_factor`: the factor to reward the referrer from the maker fee component of any fees paid
>     - `infrastructure_volume_reward_factor`: the factor to reward the referrer from the infrastructure fee component of any fees paid
>     - `lp_volume_reward_factor`: the factor to reward the referrer from the liquidity provider fee component of any fees paid

Reviewer: Slightly prefer the parameter names chosen in `0029` as it makes it clear this reward is coming from the referral program, but have no strong preference other than being consistent (so this suggestion or update `0029` to match the names here).

```suggestion
    - `referral_maker_reward_factor`: the factor to reward the referrer from the maker fee component of any fees paid
    - `referral_infrastructure_reward_factor `: the factor to reward the referrer from the infrastructure fee component of any fees paid
    - `referral_liquidity_reward_factor`: the factor to reward the referrer from the liquidity provider fee component of any fees paid
```

  - `referral_discount_factors`: the proportions of the referee's taker fees to be discounted

>     - `maker_volume_discount_factor`: the factor to discount the maker fee component of any fees paid
>     - `infrastructure_volume_discount_factor`: the factor to discount the infrastructure fee component of any fees paid
>     - `lp_volume_discount_factor`: the factor to discount the liquidity provider fee component of any fees paid

Reviewer: Ditto above comment.

```suggestion
    - `referral_maker_discount_factor `: the factor to discount the maker fee component of any fees paid
    - `referral_infrastructure_discount_factor `: the factor to discount the infrastructure fee component of any fees paid
    - `referral_liquidity_discount_factor `: the factor to discount the liquidity provider fee component of any fees paid
```

                    "maker_volume_discount_factor": 0.001,
                    "infrastructure_volume_discount_factor": 0.001,
                    "lp_volume_discount_factor": 0.001
                }
            },
            {
                "minimum_running_notional_taker_volume": 20000,
                "minimum_epochs": 7,
                "referral_reward_factors": {
                    "maker_volume_discount_factor": 0.005,
                    "infrastructure_volume_discount_factor": 0.005,
                    "lp_volume_discount_factor": 0.005
                },
                "referral_discount_factors": {
                    "maker_volume_discount_factor": 0.005,
                    "infrastructure_volume_discount_factor": 0.005,
                    "lp_volume_discount_factor": 0.005
                },
            },
            {
                "minimum_running_notional_taker_volume": 30000,
                "minimum_epochs": 31,
                "referral_reward_factors": {
                    "maker_volume_discount_factor": 0.01,
                    "infrastructure_volume_discount_factor": 0.01,
                    "lp_volume_discount_factor": 0.01

>                 },

Reviewer: Should be `reward` not `discount` here and match the names chosen in `0029`.

        {
            "minimum_running_notional_taker_volume": 10000,
            "minimum_epochs": 0,
            "referral_reward_factor": {
                "maker_volume_discount_factor": 0.001,
                "infrastructure_volume_discount_factor": 0.001,

>                 "lp_volume_discount_factor": 0.001

Reviewer: Ditto here, `reward` not `discount` and match `0029`.

            },
            "referral_discount_factor": {
                "maker_volume_discount_factor": 0.001,
                "infrastructure_volume_discount_factor": 0.001,
                "lp_volume_discount_factor": 0.001
            },
        },
        {
            "minimum_running_notional_taker_volume": 20000,
            "minimum_epochs": 7,
            "referral_reward_factor": {
                "maker_volume_discount_factor": 0.005,
                "infrastructure_volume_discount_factor": 0.005,

>                 "lp_volume_discount_factor": 0.005

Reviewer: Ditto here, `reward` not `discount` and match `0029`.

            },
            "referral_discount_factor": {
                "maker_volume_discount_factor": 0.005,
                "infrastructure_volume_discount_factor": 0.005,
                "lp_volume_discount_factor": 0.005
            },
        },
        {
            "minimum_running_notional_taker_volume": 30000,
            "minimum_epochs": 31,
            "referral_reward_factor": {
                "maker_volume_discount_factor": 0.01,
                "infrastructure_volume_discount_factor": 0.01,

>                 "lp_volume_discount_factor": 0. 01

Reviewer: Ditto here, `reward` not `discount` and match `0029`.

And should be `referral` not `volume`.

            },
            "referral_discount_factor": {
                "maker_volume_discount_factor": 0.01,
                "infrastructure_volume_discount_factor": 0.01,

>                 "lp_volume_discount_factor": 0.01

Reviewer: This one should be `referral` not `volume`?
